Cash Register
============

The Problem
-----------
Creative Cash Draw Solutions is a client who wants to provide something different for the cashiers who use their system. The function of the application is to tell the cashier how much change is owed and what denominations should be used. In most cases the app should return the minimum amount of physical change, but the client would like to add a twist. If the total due in cents is divisible by 3, the app should randomly generate the change denominations (but the math still needs to be right :))

Please write a program which accomplishes the clients goals. The program should:

1. Accept a flat file as input
	1. Each line will contain the total due and the amount paid separated by a comma (for example: 2.13,3.00)
	2. Expect that there will be multiple lines
2. Output the change the cashier should return to the customer
	1. The return string should look like: 1 dollar,2 quarters,1 nickel, etc ...
	2. Each new line in the input file should be a new line in the output file

Sample Input
------------
2.12,3.00

1.97,2.00

3.33,5.00

Sample Output
-------------
3 quarters,1 dime,3 pennies

3 pennies

1 dollar,1 quarter,6 nickels,12 pennies

*Remember the last one is random

The Fine Print
--------------
Please use whatever techniques you feel are applicable to solve the problem. We suggest that you approach this exercise as if this code was part of a larger system. The end result should be representative of your abilities and style.  We prefer that you submit your solution in a language targeting the .NET Framework to help us better evaluate your code.

Please fork this repository. If your solution involves code auto generated by a development tool, please commit it separately from your own work.  When you have completed your solution, please issue a pull request to notify us that you are ready.

Have fun.

Compiling
---------
The project was built in Visual Studio 2019 Community. The target framework is `.NET Framework4.7.2` and will only run on Windows.

1. Open `CashRegister.sln`.
2. Click "Start" in Visual Studio or press (F6).
3. The code should build without errors.

Projects
--------
*CashRegisterApp* - This is a console application that holds the main EXE.

*CashRegisterLib* - This is a DLL that holds the logic to get the change string for a given total amount and paid amount.

*CashRegisterLib.Test* - This holds MSTest to test the GetChange() in the CashRegisterLib library.

Running from Visual Studio
--------------------------

1. Open `CashRegister.sln` in Visual Studio 2019.
2. Press F5 to run in debug mode.
3. You should see the output for `sample1.csv` file displayed in a console window.

Running from Command Prompt
--------------------------
1. Make sure you have built the project.
2. Open a command prompt and change directory into
`\CashRegister\Source\CashRegister\CashRegisterApp\bin\Debug`
3. Run `dir` You should see `CashRegisterApp.exe` listed in the output.
4. Run `CashRegisterApp.exe` passing in a file name which is to be processed as an argument

```bash
cashRegisterApp.exe ..\..\..\InputFiles\Sample1.csv
```
5. You should see output like the following:

```bash
3 quarters,1 dime,3 pennies
3 pennies
1 dollar,2 quarters,2 nickels,7 pennies
```

Assumptions
-----------

I tried a test-driven approach in the creation of this solution. After thinking through the different scenarios, I have made the following assumptions:

* Blank lines are ignored and are valid in the file.
* Blank total amounts and/or blank paid amounts are invalid. (Ex: `33, `)
* Only the first two comma separated values are used the rest are ignored.
( Ex: `4,5,6`)
* `.01` is invalid. It needs to be `0.01`.
* Negative total amounts and negative paid amounts are invalid.
* If the total is 0, it should fall into the `twist` logic.
* Based on the code that I have written, I set the max change that could be calculated to be `(Int32.MaxValue / 100)`. An exception will be thrown if it is larger. This is to keep it within a calculatable range used in the `twist` logic.







